feat: connect local playground to rafiki.money (#1966)
interledger/rafiki: localenv/README.md

data stores created by the primary Rafiki instance so it can't be run by itself.
The `pnpm localenv:compose up` command starts both the primary instance and the secondary.

#### Autopeering

If you want to start the local env and peer it automatically to rafiki.money, you can run the following commands:

```

> pnpm localenv:autopeer:start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pnpm localenv:autopeer:start -d
```

Reviewer: I guess the logs are required for finding out the wallet address, though 🤔. Can we log that some other way?

Author: added it in the command and aditional instructions how to find the payment pointer url from docker logs (it will be much easier to find it in ase logs)

// OR to start with Postgres db
pnpm localenv:autopeer:start:psql
```

Your local cloud nine rafiki instance will be peered automatically in this case with https://rafiki.money instance.
The required services will be exposed externally using [ngrok](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ngrok) and [tunnelmole](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tunnelmole) packages.
Ngrok is used to expose open-payments api and auth api. These apis require a https protocol for correctly validating the requests signatures and ngrok will add X-Forwarded-Proto to secure requests that helps koa to identify requests as secure.
Tunnelmole package is used for exposing externally ilp connector.

> There is no need for ngrok token in case you are planning to try out only the API requests.

Reviewer: Can you clarify which API requests you mean?

In case you are looking to test the open payments example with the interaction flow, then the ngrok token should be provided in `~/cloud-nine-wallet/.env` file

> as `NGROK_TOKEN={YOUR TOKEN}`. Ngrok does not serve html without providing the auth token.

Reviewer: @AlexLakatos can we get an ngrok account and use that token globally? Otherwise the developer experience isn't great.

Reviewer 2: I thought we weren't using ngrok. What happened to the other options?

Author: I was using tunnelmole, but the issue was that the requests are redirected as `http` and the signature is not validated as it is expecting `https`.
Koa application has an option to trust the proxy and then it will check the presence of `X-Forwarded-Proto` header. This header is added by ngrok, but not by tunnelmole - this is why ngrok was used for the services that validate signature requests.

The issue with ngrok is that it works fine without a token on api request, but it does not serve `html`. So for testing the interaction part on open payments it requires a token (a free one works) to be provided.

Author: @sabineschaller @mkurapov does these changes make sense to you?
https://github.com/interledger/rafiki/commit/ae604cc691323ea4d89f69e06b755f2c02655c39

Reviewer: Would that mean we get away without using ngrok?

Author: yes, it will allow to use only tunnelmole

Reviewer: Let's do that but check `Config.env === 'development'` rather than `Config.env === 'testing'`, or just both.

To use the postman collection examples - copy the created payment pointer and set it into `senderPaymentPointer` postman variable in `Remote Environment`.

> After stopping the script it is necessary to clear the environment using the command described in setup. This is necessary as on a new run of the scripts (with autopeeing or not) the payment pointer url will differ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After stopping the script it is necessary to clear the environment using the command described in [Shutting down](#Shutting-down). This is necessary as on a new run of the scripts (with autopeeing or not) the payment pointer url will differ.
```

```
// tear down and remove volumes

> pnpm localenv:compose down --volumes

Reviewer: And then maybe remove this if we reference the next section in the previous paragraph?
